All right.
So let's go ahead and create these two components for library and add new.
So in the media suite, we actually don't have the media fully.
Let's create that one inside admin.
Before the media.
And you said you we're going to have one final call index studies which will be available as a route.
Less ad means less media.
So that will be there.
So basically here we're going to import those two components.
So create another one file.
Let's call it media library.
And the next one we call it.
Upload.
We just got it.
Media.
So a profile of your friend Curtis.
All right, so let's import.
React
concert.
Fun return.
Let me just written some text for the moment.
So we just return.
Upload five.
All right, so give me the scope of this one.
Go to media library based here and change this to.
Media Center.
All right.
So we got these two components.
Now let's bring them here in the index 20th.
Now, when I bring them here, I will use the term from and design.
So that looks something like that.
So you can see we have the depth.
So first step, upload files, just have the button.
Second one, the media library.
We have all the photos.
So we use this step to keep both of these components there.
And then we can basically import this this component in and put in the admin.
Post new ways to get old media to open up to the media and access from the library.
Let's import React
and let's import these two files.
We created upload file from
upload file and then upload media library.
Now we are also going to need to import and isn't so deb deps from and and then we have to destructor
deb.
Ben.
Ben, that thing from Taps.
Okay.
Now we can write a component goes media equals to
return to.
We want to return taps.
Inside.
We're going to have a tap in to Devin and then Devin
will close.
I.
So here we're going to show the components of the first tab.
We're going to upload file.
So tap in depth.
Give the tab name and we call it upload file.
Fine to call it.
I think we can operate more than one find and the key one.
Now, let me just copy that.
Put it down.
This one, we call it our media library.
Key to.
Intense component to media libraries.
All right.
Now, you can see we created these two components and then we bring them here in this index to this,
I guess we have the tab and that has the two pens and these showing these two components.
Now let's explore.
And let's import this one in admin new so that we can show the media which contains these two components.
So here it's going to.
To do two step.
Components media.
All right.
So import.
And then basically we want to show this now inside our model.
So let's remove this text.
Instead, we use that media component, simple as that.
So that's going to try.
Module not found online allowing me to donate to.
So we are here to be one step up.
To step up.
Three step.
Get into it component.
Okay.
So what is happening here?
Components media.
Okay.
I think what we did is we supposed to have these these fights, media, library, the media, the whole
folder supposed to be inside components, but until we put them in the pages.
So what you can do, you can just click and drag.
If you're using voice call, if you're using some other editor, you can just go do your folder and
manually move.
I get to click, you can click and drag.
So let's move that to inside compliance.
Okay.
So I moved media to components.
I can see here.
I say everything is same.
We just moved media folder from pages from here to compliance.
Okay, let's try now.
Okay, good.
Now, when you create, you can see this media model upload files, media library.
Beautiful.